hello to all this goes clear beaulac
guitar and guitar teacher
for the deviation curves but you have me
the air known a quick swipe
rock'n'roll I did not even plug my
baby in the bazaar of my preparations
for my departure on a summer vacation tomorrow
to explain the concepts
indispensable that are the binary and the
ternary in battery and you give a
an exercise that will be extremely useful
a binary rhythm it's a risk in
which the pulsation some his name
tempo is subdivided by 2 by 4 or among
16 basically, it never happens when
it is for sure halved they are
eighths by four they are doubles
eighths by eight they are triples
eighths in opposition we have and
ternary rhythms in which the
pulsation and sub divided by 3 in this
case there are triplets or by six
these are sextos them and for
the exercise that comes I myself
stolen by 12
but I do not
it's not how it's called I believe
not that it bears a particular name to
you find for this exercise
we will ideally play the metronome
if you have one use it we will
alternate right-hand and
left
and we will go with a tempo and range
two shots per pulse a3 a4 a6 a8
at 12 then we will go down 12 8 6-4 3-2
if you get to do that you'll be
much more comfortable in all
rhythms that you do and you will
well progressed well 2 2 1 2 3 i you
stop right now I stop everything from
next when doing triplets
that is 3 coubard pulsations seen
alternating right left right
left
it will do 1 2 3 1 2 3 so the first
1 will fall on the right hand
the second will fall on the left hand
you take care of you 3 3 3
a good holiday